Okay, got it. Better than notes to actually go back and listen to the discussion later. Thank you for that. Okay, so review process, maybe we were just talking about what. We came to as a solution for how to do that. How to work that review process, I think we were talking about doing it more like a building set up. But tell me. If you remember differently, we talked about the fact that for a low priority incident. There can be multiple reviewers for each building. For example, we may have 2, 3 4 team leaders at a location. Who should be able to approve of an incident or a security record. And then for medium priority, we may have one or two. We should be able to approve the high priority. We're probably going down to just one approver. We're talking about doing that as more of a building setup or doing in the user profile, do you remember. Yes. Uh. So basically assigning, assigning reviewers. All the buildings level, right. Yes, at a. At a location level, so for example, Phoenix. The review process would be handled by maybe two or three tls. I think we have two right now. But I think we were talking about up to 4 building out for up to 4 reviewers. Okay, okay, yeah. So I mean, we're weird place. It probably maybe part that question. Whether it will be the building setup or we use a profile, that's something which we can in our discussed, discuss later on where exactly it fits in a better in a better way. So basically, we have some place holder where the reviewers would be assigned to a building. And then all the incidents belonging to that building, I mean. Those depending on the priority type of that incident. The reviews will have to review right. Try. I'm just i'm just trying to create to an incident, actually. Maybe we can visualize that, you know. From my incident perspective, probably to make more sense. Sorry, ok. Okay. Tell me where where does it make sense to revisit this. How do you want to start on the review process? Should we start talking about the dashboard as it seems the rally story members in the chapter. I think I think starting on the review process will make more sense, so let's hash out that processes. And then based on that, we can we can discuss on the on the dashboard. Okay, that sounds good. So high level concept, just to revisit that then is. Are you sharing something. Andrea. Sorry, sorry, took it here. Are you sharing anything. I wasn't, but I can. I can share the story. Yeah, one second. Are you guys. I have a six year old on the backside of my wall right now, who is playing her dollhouse. And she's making an excessive amount of noise, so distracted, you know. Those dogs are moving to each other. Ok. Here we go. All right, so high level comes out. When a record is opened before it can be closed, each record will need to go through a review process, depending on the priority of the record. If it is a low priority, we need A T L to review. If it's a medium priority, we want to be talking about a manager reviewing it. And if it is a high priority incident, we want to be talking about having a director or vp reviewing it. Um. Before a high priority incident can go through a director or VP review, we want to have it go through one level of review beforehand, and that can be either T L or manager. Yeah. I'm going back through my notes here to make sure that i'm capturing that accurately, but I think so. Okay, so low priority tls will review it. Medium priority managers will review it higher priority director or vps will review it. What exactly review review means and I mean, how are we going to capture? I mean, again. And I probably let's think about it as from a very you know, first discussion. We know we discuss something in the past, but I mean. At least I don't remember anything about it, so maybe I might be asking some basic basic questions, and we which we might have, you know, discussed in the past. No, that's okay, so. The review, I think what we were talking about for how this review process would look is effectively A I think we talked about a couple of ways we could either do a drop down similar to the way we have an investigation where you go from. Like an open to a Pending review status or to do that through a button click, and I want to say that we talked about during the drop down and changing to a Pending review status with the more. Or was the preferred option. Okay, so today we have so today we have open enclosed. Those are the only two straight as we have today. So hypothetically speaking, probably there would be one. One more button. One more value in this data drop down for Pending review. Great, so if i'm if i'm if i'm the security guard. I created this this incident. And then once i'm done with entering all the details in it, i'll change the status of the soul of the incident or the. What are the other thing we call it incident. Log yeah. Yes, so incident on log, i'll change the status to Pending Pending review. And then depending on that, the priority of the incident, after I make the make the update, it will go to either. Whether a team lead for review or a manager or a director of. Uh, right, okay, okay. So then I am clear. I was going to say, yeah, then. Depending on what's q, attend, right, so let's take a low level low priority, so it's a team. It's in your team leader q, so then you, as a team leader, would be able to view that and open that from the reviewer queue. And when you open it, then you would have the ability then to update the sword incident with your notes or whatever, and then they would have a Marcus reviewed button. Okay, which is there today, I mean. We do have a mark as reviewed button. In toward security, and when that is, click. Then. Uh. It would update the status to closed. And market as reviewed. Okay, you talk something about having a notes section as well, right. We don't have. So it's in the narrative. It's in the narrative section, okay, okay, yeah, so they could that they were just documented in the narrative section as a site review or site league review or team league review or supplemental, there's did you say add narrative their dress. Yeah, okay, yeah. That is a narrative. Yeah, then there's an option for them, so if it's a log, the name would just you know, add their note if it's if it's an incident and there's a specific type, they can choose the type of narrative. There's a selection like at which type of narrative it is right, so you could they would do sightly review or they would do final review or something like that, and they would just look in there that they're they don't need to change anything there, and then after they've added that, you know, then they can click the mark as reviewed button, and then it said to that is reviewed. Now this doesn't so one thing, just a couple of quick little minor things. So when the markets reviewed button is selected, it will update the status to closed. But the reviewer should also have the ability to update the status on their own to closed, and then click. Marcus reviewed either way. It just we want to make sure that when it's reviewed. It is set to closed it. Okay, so I mean. Yeah, I mean, if that button is. If that button is clicked. We can automatically change the status to closed or I mean. Are you saying we should the team leaders should have an option to close it first and then click on it, yeah, either way, so it really to be, you know. They can set it to closed and then click mark is reviewed or they can just click markets reviewed. If the status is not cold, yeah. So when the button is collected, the status is open so that it closed. If it's closed and just. Market as reviewed. Yeah, so actually sorry for interrupting, I just won't have some queries. What did you discussing. Based on means like it's a suggestion. What you decided when we are, i've actually worked on this particular approve. They have flow before, so so that's what we did it, so I will just. Demonstrating that if you liked it, so basically, if someone is reviewing so, let's suppose i've just created an incident. So right now, we have an open and closed so we can create. Based on approval. Less so if it is in one approval, so let's suppose there is only similar approval, is there, so okay, so I mean. Let's go to the incident is an open status right now. And when i'm creating it, and when i'm clicking on it as a segment for approval, like an R F C V create. So when we are doing it, so it should be set as in progress like or are Pending for approval, and a team loaded us should get something that it has something to approve was on this, so when he clicked that. So whatever the things that he said. Like he wants to add something or he wants to add some note and he can do that. So means one more thing that I want to add in this making and loads of it. So every in review, I think there should be reviewing maybe approval and rejection to things that should be considered inside ah, so maybe he can approve it or he can reject it, so I just wanted to know if you are doing it or just me. Clicking on preview and disclose it. So first question is this, so another one is if he added, he is adding or something more or something to. I think it should be added in the history in the last itself that if this uh like I am done to make. All things are good in the sport and read some changes or something or anything that is fine. All these any kind of remarks we can add and click on approved so we can decide something like he has approved that this remarks like and not achieve it, just can link when we mix, we create a narrative system like this kind of history, maintain it is a basically approval flow, so that is. But and that status we are discussing. So what it ideally should be like, if all the things are good, like if you are just submitting it, if I want to approve it or if I want to reject it or whatever the view, I want to do so if I am doing it. So if all things are fine, then we need to do it manually means to do it in the poor itself. While the setting the state has closed or whatever means we closed or any other status, so it should be ideally in the court because uh it shouldn't be in the U I of circular or someone should manually do it because ma'am may not be, it is someone be like somebody knowing that you need to do it. And I tell you, you shouldn't do it like any any approval flow, so that is what my suggestion. yes, so a couple things, so number one, yeah, we should have a line in there that like if they hit the markets reviewed button that it does record. 

That in the history line, like it was, and I think there is there is code in there today that will capture that it was reviewed by the inappropriate. Whoever has a reviewer access. Um. Yeah. So. So what we're saying then is that we do not allow. Or what you're suggesting is that we don't allow the status to be manually updated. That is all driven by the system. yeah, basically means whatever the approval flows i've seen basically, so it is part of the system means it shouldn't be the manual process of changing the status by ourselves, although it's a team data miss, he can do it then, and Adam is there are some errors in case of any issue or something like it is. I mean, it should be available to eliminate self when a system because of the matter of the flow was not doing the proper thing, so that should be available to the admin itself only in case of error or something, but. it should be ideally, we should be disabled. It should be visible on U I, but it is it should be unequitable and the things it should be changed by the court itself. They should be men's. This would be like it, but we can do it in the circulation. we're having a measure of it. Oh, sorry. well, I was going to say, like. So if you're going to do that and you have everything. Have to be button driven, right, so you have to give the I mean. Mr S again. The sound awful. And I don't have a better way to say this, but the users of this particular system are technically challenged, and so I mean, if we just have to make it clear and very easy for them, if we're not going to, if we're going to be changing the status. Drop down, so I get what you're saying, so when it's ready for review, they click a button that says. sent to review and then it drops to the appropriate view if the team leader. Manager director vp isn't happy with how it was documented, then they reject it, which would then reopen the status and send it back to the q, but then. This doesn't work the same as investigations where it's not assigned to the person that created it. There's not a primary agent, right. It gets assigned to the team leader, director VP manager, whoever. And so you have to think about if. If the reviewer the approver rejects it. Then how does it get back to the originator. For them to know that, oh, I need to document this. better. Is that procedural. Or is that something that we build in the sword, and then, like, conversely, if everything's good in the approval lights that they click, mark is reviewed. The documents in the history line and then set the status to closed. So i'm fine with having a systematic process, but those those are just some things that you have to think about is. the process of the back and forth between. The user submitting it for review and the process of it being rejected back to the originating user. Yeah, so I mean, these users are pretty much used to. I mean, i'm assuming there's some. Some commonality between the users of investigation and security, right? So probably the way they are, they are used to in investigation. Let's keep it that way rather than introducing something something new and confusing them, I mean, as in in the past 3, I mean, I hear what you are saying about the users, so let's try to keep it as simple as possible. Uh, basically the way they are used to an investigation so that it doesn't create much confusion for them. Yes, and on the on the security side. If there's something that's not documented well. They're probably not going to send it back to the security guard to correct it. The team leader will be the one that will probably make the adjustments to the verbiage or the documentation in the sword and. Um. Potential in that in that case, I say it disclose. From the security guard opened it and they document it, and then when they're done. They click it at send Pending review. Which will then go to the appropriate approval bucket. They didn't make their notes, and then they can click the markets reviewed or sent to vp for approval or whatever that third stages. Right. So and. Sorry uh. What do they ask him. Yeah, so what I was saying was, I mean, in case. Obviously, if something is wrong or something in the in the in the incident and more updates had to happen, probably that would be more like an offline process. You know, maybe team, it can reach out to the guard and ask that was you did not update it. This is this get this updated right. We don't need to uh. Change the status from X Y Y to X X Y multiple times, right? Probably they can reach out to reach out to the original user of that incident and asked them to make updates right. That's right. Okay. Yeah, I think simple or the low priority, low priority incidents. Low priority incidents are ok. I'm clear on the process. Okay. Are you okay with it, any questions? I mean, you are the one going to be working on it. So. I want you to be clear on what the I mean. What what the process is going to. Yeah, so means I just wanted to clear it again, so for the low priority tickets, we are doing. The team leader will be approving it right miserably, bring it. And we'll move it to the close. okay. And for the medium manager will be approving it and moving it to the clothes and same for high hold on, welcome to that. So right now. For low, I think we are you are clear, it medium and high that will discuss it somewhere. You're clear number is rate. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, okay. What else could be. okay, and how to assign team, is that something which we have to discuss, where to place. what else could be here. Mark has reviewed reviewed button, you were saying it's already there. But probably it's not being used in the way it should have been. I want to say there is no problem. Yes, there are some things that need to change with the markets reviewed button because today. If I click mark is reviewed and then the incident or the log is updated like somebody will go and put a period in the overview or they add an additional note, then that takes away the review time stamp. And the Marcus reviewed button comes back and so it could be like a never any process of reviewing the exact same internet report, and so we want to take that out of it once and then is reviewed. Then it's done if there's additional notes that need to happen on it, then we'll continue to document it. But it's only to be reviewed. One time. And that makes sense. And yeah, and do you know i'm forgetting, but on in what scenario today that mark has regard button appears like in what I mean, what condition. is it until the status to closed. No, I don't I don't I think it's just there. I think it's once an incident, so. I think once an incident is created and it's opened by a reviewer. Um. I don't know if leases a review or draya, but if you go back to the q, just click on the q. And then if you open that, you only have, yeah, if you just open it. I don't think you even have to be in the review or q just open up that 2022, 0, 2, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1. 

So she must not be a reviewer. But if she was a reviewer, it would just it would be there. I believe I don't think that there's. Okay, probably, I think. Broken, if you can make a note of it to check to check the to check the logic. How does Marcus legit button gets, gets populated or or I mean, when do we show that mark is a bit on what condition, but anyway, so I think those are fine medium again, medium for medium, it will upset for those the reviews team need, so the team need has to log in. And when the team leaders logging in can team with create an incident or. Yes. So okay, so team did can create an incident as well. And if the team did, it is creating a low priority incident, then the review would be manager of that building, right. Yeah, so yeah. That's actually a good question because you can't be a conflict right to have a someone reviewing their own report. Right. Yes, so the other thing to be. Well, the other thing, sorry, I mean, the other thing to keep in mind is. So at A vp level. Or director level. You would still see all the low priority, medium priority and also the high priority. It's just that it's hierarchical, hierarchical, and I don't know how to say that, but anyway, so only the team leaders would only be able to review low priorities. Managers will be able to review the low priority and medium priority, and directors and vps will be able to review low medium. okay. But it's not restrictive to how you go, but then so then to your point. If a team leader opens up a. If a team leader opened up their own like an incident. They would need to flow to their next level, right? They can't review their own reports. Great. Okay, so yeah, so. Probably that hierarchy we need to establish. established there. So today, I think I think we already do it for investigation. Yes, strength to remember. Do we include the security users there as well, or is it only for investigation we didn't in that user relationship, right? So you know, like a user was 0, and then the manager was one too. We don't have that. It's only investigations or we did that relationship cable, so probably we will have to have something similar for in the for security now to have that. Yeah, yes. You'd want that it's going to be tricky for. I think, a little more trick, maybe maybe not, but it seems to me that it might be a little more complicated than investigations because. Um. yeah, i'm not sure how we do this. Look. Another thing we can we can. We can come up with a solution, and then probably we can discuss on those. But we need to establish an establishment Iraqi somewhere. So that we can control it and then see which are key. The user belongs to and then based on that, I mean. What kind of incidents are logs the user has to say now I logged logs going to go through the same review process. I mean, long said, I didn't even. I mean, less priority or less less severe incidents, right? So do they have to go to the same same process or we don't need to, yeah, logs will just be reviewed by team leaders as I believe logs are all low priority, and that's just for accuracy in the system or to make sure that. Okay, so let's have a look at it. I think that that's fine. So I think for now, we are okay with those now medium, so medium. Medium again security guard created it. if a team lead team lead logs in. This should not come in. The team leads queue right, if it is a medium. It is a medium incident. It should not appear in the team late skill. Mm. But it should appear directly in the manager skill. So yeah, manager or. So if I am a manager or above, yeah, we are a good point manager or above, so if i'm a manager, if i'm logging. And if i'm going to the reviewer queue, then I should see that. Be that. See that incident and then. I can check the details that everything is ok. If everything is okay, I can click. Mark has reviewed butter. Not as far as status is concerned. We need just one status spending review, so god would have created the incident, updated. Everything, change the status to Pending review. So the current status of the incident would be Pending review. I logged in as a management. I saw everything verified everything. If everything is good, I can click on mark as reviewed. It will change the status of the incident closed. And then we are done with it. If there is anything wrong, then I as a manager, I will reach out to the guard. I will ask him to update anything or maybe I can update whatever is missing, right. Right. So make the required updates and then and then close it. So I think I think mediums are ok as well. Now if we come, if we come to a high. Now the highest. The high ones they need to go through to round off. No. Sorry, never mind. You're right. It's two rounds of review. It's one lower level, one of the two and then the high level review, so I as a security guard, I created the incident. I made I made all the required updates. And I change the status to Pending review. So Pending review. So one lower level under inside so that lower level could be a team lead that could be a manager, right. That's right. Okay, so I as a team league, then I went to the utilities in Michigan. I logged into the security. I saw it in my. I reviewed it. And then after review. I was in the market and it markets now we had one. Yes, I probably wanted to be mark is reviewed on the actual button, probably like released to director slash V P or something like that. Yeah, so probably the status now for me, the status would appear as released to A P or release to I mean, directors, user directors contribute as well, right. Yeah, it should name it something. Release for final review or release to director vp or something like that, yeah, okay. I like that. So release release for final review, probably that would be a better, better. Yeah, I think that's right. The release for final review, so i'll click on release for final review, and then this can be done by a team lead or by a manager. And then the vp or the director needs to log. And then. He can click on yes, he can click on markets reviewed. now at every stage, some updates may happen. right. So so basically, what i'm trying to ask is. For it to I mean, as for other other priorities. Once the once the once the incident has been changed from open to Pending review. we don't need to make it back to back to open in any case, right. Whatever be the priority of the incident is we don't need to get it back to the old to the old status, right. No, because if to your point that you said earlier, if there's a change that needs to be made right, the team leader of the manager can can either contact the security guard just because it's independent, reduced status doesn't necessarily mean it's going to lock it down for updates or revisions or corrections, right. To your point. And there's no need to send it back to an open status like the team leader manager just wouldn't proceed with the review process until the necessary corrections were made. And so then they would just, oh, go ahead. No, i'm glad you complete the thoughts today. I was just going to say that you know. That's all going to have to be done procedural anyway, I mean, so they call up the security guard. And they say, hey, you know, there's several misspellings in here or you need to reward this. It's done, then the guard context, the manager back, it says I made my changes and then they just go in and they continue with the review process, whether that be markets reviewed or then release. For the next level. Okay, I mean. This is a very, very, very small application. Why are we having to answer reviews? I mean, 1 percent is going to look like an audit. Yeah, it's an audit thing because it's. Yeah, it's just been picked up an audit. Yeah. I think it was looking for something right, and we had a redeemed process in investigations, and so they've they've the question has been asked. Why don't you have a review process. And I think it was what hasn't been required, and so now it's required. Okay, that's all. Oh. That's fine. And then. release for final review that options should not appear initially right when when the guard is creating. Creating that incident, then the status. I mean, he's he or she should not see that value in the state has dropped down ever right, the only three only. The only one that should see that is the. It's the manager or team leader. Yeah. Normal user should not see that additional well, they shouldn't have the available. They shouldn't be able to select. So now that now that review is going to be a mandatory mandatory thing for. I mean, whatever be the priority of the incident, should we remove closed as well from the status by default like today, if you enter, if you go to the status log down, you will see open and close both. So we remove remove closed as well so that somebody didn't. Oh, yeah, so the option always that the default option will be open. Ready to review or something like that. I need to review the first point would be ready for review that the guard would see, and then obviously that as it goes through the process, if it you know if it's escalated to higher 1, then we either need to have the button, say release for final review or have a status really for final review. But again, only a team leader or manager would see that. And so today. First incident is closed uh, do it disabled, i'm forgetting it. So do we disable, like all the fields of uh forum date, or are they still open. I think they're still open. Can you click on. Yeah, can you select that value and read and you can see it. The top section might might close down. I can't remember, but I think that overview and narrative remain open. Mm. 

Everything is that depends on the user level, too, right? I mean, I don't know what leases is in the system. Yeah, i'd like to go change her or change somebody, but I have no. No options available to me, me too right now, sorry. Yeah, that's fine. So anyways, but so I mean, whatever is happening today for the closed status, we are going to continue this. I mean, we are not expecting any change in there right now. B A U. Whatever it is today would be would be. so if if if add narratives or other vehicles that are still enabled even after closed, which essentially means that somebody can go in and add some vehicles, add some items. I had some responses even after it is closed, will it not. And it doesn't sound sounds good, right at the status if the incident has been reviewed and somebody going in and making any updates. I don't know how often it happens or even if it happens again, but if it is open, I mean, theoretically speaking, there are there are chances of updates up in turn. Yeah. I mean, we could lock it down. I mean, that's a really good point, like once it's closed and reviewed or once it's reviewed and closed, I mean, lock it down in the only way that it would be able to be edited. Beyond that point is to have it reopened. We just won't force it into another review process. Mhm, I do kind of wonder about that. I feel like that. Picked apart and audit if significant updates after it's closed. Yeah. Yes, i'm good with that, making it. Read only once it's closed. Mhm. And then in order to edit it further and you'd have to reopen it. So there would there would be also probably in the. So there needs to be reopened, but in somewhere. Clicking on clicking on that the status will change change to open again, is it. So to return to open again. And who can who can reopen an incident can can a security guard can open you, open it as well now. It would have to be someone a team leader or above. Ok. So deeply deeply thereabouts for low priority incidents, how about high print. So do we do so we provided with our. I would apply for once it's reviewed and closed. I would I would keep it at a director of vp level for the high priority. A higher response. Okay, so probably we need to have some. Some kind of logic forward at reopen like based on the based on the priority. I mean, who can who can see that reopen button probably can put that logic. And if it is a high, then only directors and vps should be able to see the reopen Britain. If it is medium, then managers managers can see. If it is low. Then our 15 minutes can see it. Ok, so reopen button needs to be put in somewhere on the screen. Uh. what is. What else to go around. So means after we open, we are doing the same process again, and it's approval and all the same thing. I think we celebrate if it is reopened. If you're changing the status, I think we should just to make process simple. Ah. What do you think to wipe the so if it's reopen. It wipes the review time stamp out and has to go back to the process. Yeah, yeah, I mean, that's that's what it does today that that's be a I think that's going to be here today, so i'm I mean, that's fine. It's it's you know. Yeah, that's fine. Because we're limiting who can reopen it. I think that's fine, okay. Okay. Yeah. So. That is good. What else can happen. I think I think we are good. We are good for now for the review process. I think I understand the process probably once we'll discuss the solution, maybe more questions will come for sure, but from a concept perspective, I think. I think I understand now what needs to happen. Okay, are you okay. The judge. Miss just one model for reviewing, let's suppose, um and the review or i'm particularly means anyone who can have a who have approved of some incidents. Are we creating a separate particular thing where just clicking on this will give the list of all this. Which I need to approve only or in the same list, we are listed. incident, let's only starting some column or we can see means there's also on on the q page on the q page. There is a Q defined, so there's a there's a specific queue for reviewer. So if the user is logging in and going to the review q, then depending on uh depending on the type of user Uh P R C is healthy in this list. Yeah, so if you see the q type, it is normal here, but there is a highly for reviewer. And certainly also put that on the. Put that on the dashboard, have a table. Getting to them is ready for review, right, yeah, so we'll put it on the on the dashboard as well. You know, we'll show the list. Only Pending month. Yeah, sending everyone sending everyone here so that he can so that he can be clear that if there is something in my bucket, I am able to see that otherwise. Okay. No. So one more thing, like if I have anything in my bucket or something, so if someone is creating in like nominees created now, something so. And we're sending some kind of notification or this word showcase that wherever he allows him. No, no, no difficult. Yeah, I just they would see when they log. Okay. It means, but now I think all good, so that's I think we need to discuss, and we just need to think about it, and I think after that. We can come up with more questions. 

So right now, I think. Yeah, and I guess assigning, assigning the users. So can one building have multiple multiple teammates, or do we know that it will only be a kind of multiple, making multiple. So they're going to have some even and some even have four because of depending on how many shifts they have to cover. They may have up to 4 team leaders, a building location. So it can have multiple team leads multiple managers right as well. Yeah, probably yeah, multiple teammates, multi managers, probably one director. And so Andre. Can you go to the user user argument. A peach. Mm. yes, today, in today's world, we just have the one. Who the reviewer is. The building review building review is there. 

List because this person is a reviewer. Oh, I got you. Yeah, so if there were, if you were like. Yeah, i'm just i'm just thinking of where to assign. Yes, I mean. Do you designate if they're up in higher like, if there were. You say, okay. So do a drop down, so scroll up, dryer. And maybe I don't know if this would work or not. But if up here like it, says security reviewer, and there's a checkbox here, but what if you did that drop down? And you said instead of having a reviewer checkbox it. What level of review or are you Bp director, manager or team leader. I don't know, yeah. Now I guess. Based on the user type, we can define that right types like Rico, Andrea searched for for Andrea, right. So she has searched for Andrea and what kind of user Andrea are you. Mhm. So you have access, so you are a super user, so that's. So if you are a normal user. Suppose not normal, probably suppose you are a manager, right. So if you're a manager, yeah, we need to insert security options, probably we need to have some. What kind of user you are? We need to have some option here to assign you that role and then to which building uh you will be that obviously, we can based on the buildings assigned to your role. 

So it is crawled down in the building review action in the building review of. So here you will be basically assigned the buildings to which you can review, right. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, the tricky thing is then you have people like. Like um. I don't know. Like danced ready. For example, draya like he's a director, I think right or see a manager, but he has global, but he has global review. right, because of his role and so. I don't I don't know. I think it gets. It's not as claimed to say you. Because he's only meant to review workplace violence. Cases. I don't know it. Okay, maybe the chapter embrace. Effect first. Like his one off situation, is he. I guess he is the one unique case, right, does it make sense to have a like a bypass. For that well. again, it's weird. I mean, because, yeah, because if you think about my role. Right, i'm a super user and an admin of sword, but i'm also a director of security services. Right. Yeah. So maybe maybe you can't think about the anecdotal one offshore. Maybe you just have to program accordingly. And then people just know when they log in, what they responsible for. No, ok. Okay, I think we need one more one more meeting, so Andrea, can we have one more meeting where we can discuss the dashboard and then will give give us probably some chance to think about whatever we discussed today and come up with more questions on this. Mhm, yeah, yeah. We help that something up for our next. Time slot move over to the board. Ok. Okay, cool, thank you. I hope this is my memory, okay, okay. thank you, bye. Thank you, guys. the. So. No.