Okay, here we go. Let me share my screen, and we will take a look at. Thoughts on the dashboard. Not my email. ok. So for the in security dashboard, what we're talking right now. We have just the the sword cube page. I think that we primarily work off of the dashboard. We want to kind of mimic to some degree, the investigations module. This was just a hack job of mock up here, so please forgive my lack of editing scale. What we would like to see primarily on a dashboard um. Will be three different tables, one with the list of open incidents that are waiting to be reviewed, so this ties into the new review process. Um. Also a list of. the open incidents or logs, if you are, may rephrase that. If you're a people leader, if there people reporting to you. As a log gun user, you'd want to be able to see a list of. Rescue me account of all of the logs or incidents that you are direct reports currently have open. Is positive to 1415 to 29 here this is the age, how many days the report has been. I believe the concept here is to try and tamp down on how long these reports can sit and age. I think historically. Without a review process logs and incidents, excuse me, can sometimes sit for. Too long, so this will hopefully mitigate that. Or help to mitigate that. And then, similar to investigations, again, we'd like to have another table displayed here that shows again, if you are people leader, the. List of. Agent, so the list of users who are getting ready to be revoked, she has not logged on instead alone again to hopefully try to mitigate that from happening, so the people leaders can reach out to their direct reports and keep their access. So this will depend this open incidence to be reviewed. This table on top. Yeah, I moved my box out of the way here. what each user sees here will be dependent on what type of user they are. So going back to the review process. where a. Team leader can review a low priority incident or log. Is the team leader log SAM. They will see only low priority here in this open incidence to be reviewed, and it will. It should be low priority where they are the reviewer or assigned as a reviewer for that building or location. Step up if you have a manager logging in somebody who's listed as a manager for that location, they will should be able to see a list of any open incidents. That need to be reviewed, which are low priority or medium priority, and then again step up B P R director if they are logging in, they'll see all low, medium and high priority. questions, thoughts so far. Yes, I mean, basically, what we have discussed previously, so based on that, I have some questions. I will prepare the list of it, so I just wanted to make it clear. So yeah. okay. So. So first of all, based on seeing having both understandings in both queries like what we have understand, what are queries are we reading more so. First of all. Our maintenance, the most important thing is how will we are going to add that reviews. Because as we have discussed that, if we are, if i'm creating an incident, suppose, okay, so after that. It will first go to that Pending for review status, so it will be all the team leaders should be as ah should be able to see that incident, but how the team leaders will be fished. As you said, like building, if you are building. If a incident is happening in the building and based on the building, they have four team leaders, so all four team leaders should be able to see that the newly created incident for the review rate. Yeah, that's correct, yeah, but so that is my question, like. How are we are going to add. Add, add them like in the U I, there must be some options like from where we have. This is the location, so I want all the list of the viewers for this particular building, so I think there must be some options in the U I where we can just have it like if I want to see like, what is the for this building. What are the list of reviewers? What for this building? What are the list of reviewers? If I want to add them or remove them. Because i'll be needing it that while creating an incident and forwarding it to the respected one, so. That is the first and more for one of the most important question in this. We are managing that. And this is for the district team leaders. We are talking about that how the team leaders are same as for the managers of V P and director means that I think so. All of these things, how they are going to select or if I want to add them or delete them or anything else. So how we are going to manage that, where we want to provide the option. To manage who is a reviewer and for witch building, right, that's the question. How do we handle creating or change the reviewer for building. Yeah, I think we only talked about that last time. I don't think we had settled on where we want to do that previously. We discussed a couple of options. 1 would be to do it as part of the user profile, I mean. We'll set up here. So one, what is one option would be to do it as part of the user profile, and then the other would be to do it. Part of the building set up, and i'm not sure what's going to make more sense. Not say ok. Sorry. I've been user profile. I think last time we talked briefly about setting that up here, so that rather than just a checkbox that this person is a security reviewer to be able to select here, which which building their reviewer. 

That within the realm of possibility. Means what you're trying to say, sorry. Sorry, sorry for your time, please let me. No, I just have a question like. So in investigations, we have a user relationship structure, right? So we have a table that outlined user relationship from the reviewer right from, so you have the user has a relationship to themselves, then you have a user relationship to their approval, primary approval and secondary approval, and then there's a relationship. To the from the user to the region, vp, is there a way that we could structure. That relationship or created relationships similar to that within security services that would. Basically get kind of the same thing and then and then that way, it defines. You know what is populated on the dashboard who who reviews what you know it. And then the user setup is still by building location, whatever you know, but then it just who would who would be those. Reviews flow to is based on that user relationship what is defined. And they use a relationship structure. I don't know if we can mirror the investigations, user relationship protocols or if that won't work with security service. You have a similar similar structure, should work for the train. And again, I don't know. I mean, in. Probably setting that up may require a bit of word, because in security services, we don't have like the region dp option, right. So we basically probably needed still defined roles within the user profile. Um. That will then build that user relationship structure on the back end for everything else. So can we think about. 

What's that. Oh, sorry, go ahead, you're. Yes, I was just wondering, like, so can we think about that, like if we are going to structure it that way, what changes do we need to make to the user profile so we can have that user relationship created. Toward everything else. Because right now. The security review or checkbox doesn't work, so we would need. You know again. It gets confusing because you have up to. Yeah, do you have. your primary approving your primary approval, secondary approval and then. I don't know with third fourth approval and then who your director is, who your vp is. I mean, i'm not sure how to structure that. So if we did that here, that's following the same concept of investigations, right? Like here's your primary proving manager, your secondary proving manager, it would be effectively just building out on that. The first second one for approving T L. 

Okay, I think so, and then I think I think so, but occasion, per car. Keep us in check here. So I think what we have to do in the securities options section is build up. Right up to for approving for approvals for that first level team leader approval. And then maybe what we have to do in the user profile then is. We have to add a. Director option right. So is this person a director or not, and then a vp option, and then that will the director and the vp option. Will populate based on then what location or building they have in their profile, right. So you have you have your approval level, you have your team leader 1, 2, 3 and 4. That we can build out, and then you have to have an option. A selectable option are they a region vp. And are they a director, I think that would then cover it, and then from there, you can build the user relationship structure. So basically means what you're suggesting is a tripod problem security options that I am. If this is my user profile, I can select it like. Other time A vp or team leader or something, so it may be one makes a person can be 1 uh, either a team leader of V P or something, and based on that. That will be fresh, right, please correct me if i'm wrong. So what I understand. Yeah, so at a high level, we. And under him. We'll have managers. So in in baptist profile, he will be, and after that he will have mapping to these managers who are clean managers under whom the next level. Then that matching. So based on the location, we have put page all those tickets. Yeah, that's that's how I think it. That's that's how i'm seeing, yeah. So for your for example, if we take our office building. For example, in one place, we have A V P A V P may have 4 or 5 minutes. For example, under him, in our printing. We have two leaders and a few more deep letters, so we have to capture all those relationships and based on the location. We need to select those and display them in the dashboard. Yeah, so keep in mind that you can have. A V P that will have multiple buildings across a region. Right, yes, you have a director that could have again multiple buildings across the region. So A vp and director are the kind of the top structure. And then you have. Managers and team leaders. That will be specific to a location. And building or they could have multiple buildings, but it's basically going to be one location, right, so we have like a A manager. In the U K and he may have 4 or five buildings or the team leader's same thing. They you know, they are signed to a specific area, but. 4 or five buildings, and that this kind of builds a structure down, and then you have your user structure, which usually again. They're assigned to one or two buildings. Thank you. So we have to work on the cables that have to capture all these things. How we can I mean, we can definitely be able to set other application database seamless structure, but we have to figure out if we can capture all. yeah. No, okay, so okay. Fine, so that is okay. So as you said, like V P N director, maybe maybe of money, they have multiple bending team later will be specific to one building, so if suppose for a particular building, so then maybe only one director will be there. Now I have a director. For example, all in the app, for example, there are two directors so they can have a few officers particulate some of the U S for the U S for a few months, for example. So he can have four or 5 steps, 1 under one director or we be okay. Yeah, maybe I find means just asking that women director have multiple buildings, but not twice for some when you building only have one director, so I just wanted because I can have that report. And then the report that I have a building so I can just have a query that for this building, what is the director, so I just want only one name came up, so that's why i'm asking, so I think that is what, yeah. Yeah, because what i'm thinking is just based on the report. So we are already already getting at uh, whatever the rebuilding is. That incident belongs to. So I think only and based on the priority, only, I think only one name came up, so I think it should be. So let me more think about it. But I think for now. Bought. Okay, sounds good. Thank you. Okay, more questions. You have a list, she said. You guys are coming. Deciding it, i'm going to give you time to make your notes. I'm sorry, I need to rush you for a car. So this is writing and whatever we will discuss, ok, so another one was the managers for the directors. I think we already answered that question after it is spending. Mhm. So yeah, one more thing, let's suppose I have created an incident, and it is showing me a spending for approval. Let's suppose state is the team leader. So it was spending for him to to be reviewed, but as I have created this incident, but maybe there are three or 14 leaders, so I just i'm just showing any of you. I am not able to see anyone. Maybe you know what I mean, I just I just wanna say that. Who are the approvals for. Either who is the manager, so I just wanted to, so that like in R C, like, there is an option of coral list of approval seeds so that we can just read out to them and just have a text to make them approve, so that we expect to expedite the process so that we want to fill it on the U I list of words or not. No, they all of these are known who their approvals would be. so we don't need to display that. Okay, okay. Okay, so let me just run it. 

As yeah, I see and the workflow on which are which is available in the US rule, so there are multiple status being set like E B T M E N V. Okay, so. It was that unless we have to show a spending for review status on the U S like there. We have right now two options status open and close. So if based on network too, so we'll be setting that particular status as E T M E or way, so will be showing on the U I S company for review for all of them, right. Yes, and I guess, yeah, yes. On the front end of the users who only see Pending review until it's completed right until the status is closed, but on the back end is where you'll is where we have the status changes to move along in the process, right. Yeah, Pending review is the only thing that needs to be displayed. In the U S. Okay, no, no. I just basically just wanted to have them clarity, like on which level they are supposed for the high incident high level incident. I'm sorry, high hybrid engineering, so there are two levels of approval, so for both of them, either it is spending for approval on the team lead or either it is spending for approval on the mp side or director side, so for both of them, it will be showing us the technical review. To. That's right. So what happens is so if they need to see where it is in the process, there should be a history line in the log that basically stays so like from the user. Like, you know. It's sort of incident was updated and Pending and set the Pending review, right, and then the manager, you know if a team leader manager, then does the second level of review, you know, to move it along to B P. Then it would say, like, you know, whatever the user I D was, you know. Reviewed the incident and released a vp or whatever terminology we're going to use, but that should be captured in the log to kind of keep track of where it died. Perversely, if it's an issue, drayer, I could look on the backend and get the code the status go to. We know where it is in the process. Okay, so basically. We are doing in this clarity like we on which level we are maintaining it in the history, not in the status box. Because what I thought like maybe within you like first level approved or second level approved or this kind of. Okay, fine, now let me get in the logs, not on the status, so for every thing we do. The status will always be spending for review. and that will be a process, right. The. 

In history of. 

So another one. Let's so how many status we are maintaining on the ui 1 is open. Second one is spending for a new and third is close right only three status. I think another one is reopen. Reopen, so this should be for that's what I was thinking. I was counting like, so you have your. you have your Pending review. Reopen and then final status is closed. Okay, so okay. So right. Open. Do you. 

So after let's suppose it is closed. Okay, so after it is close, so. Are you showing any moments, all the fields would be disabled. So means or we want to make some free editable or means how it will be there, because I think we after it is closed, so we don't want anyone to change. Anything, so that's all. So my thought there is that. For. I think based on the priorities based on the priority. Well, here's my thing. I think that a team leader above should be able to reopen, so the only thing after its close. I think the only thing that would be available for team leader and above would be the status change if they need to reopen it, they can. Which would then mark take it from and read only to a. Back to an editable incident, I think once it's closed, I do agree that I think it should be you shouldn't be able to edit it once it's closed unless it's reopened. So okay, so whatever I think this is the wise, no button will be available. No additional fees will be there, only the usually you will be there if it is closed in the eve. Don't want to open. Right. Only you can do and no field means no field will be available, and no buttons will be. Only only model will be there unless you want to change. You can just move it to anyone. I think it is based on the user because i'm thinking about today. I'm thinking about workplace violence, right? So when Dan freddy goes in, typically he's going in and reviewing and continuing continuing to review, but you know, possibly close incident reports as part of his role, he has to go in and make sure that there's there's nothing new and you know whatever he does, and then he has to document the sword, so if it is a read, only if we put it to read, only I think that causes problems in the process. So what I think we discussed actually last time is coming back to me now is. I think we allow it to be edited, but if if a change is made. So if a if a note is. You know if a note is added or you know something has changed on the implement that it will. Send it back through the review process. It reopens it and send it back to the review process. I think that we had talked about in the last. On the last call. Okay, so basically, after. Okay, so we'll showing it as a pop up like it will remove it to the first process, and after a legislative quantities. Ok, I just want to send it back. So the whole process what we discuss will start from stats. Yes, so if it did closed report. If it's a closed incident and someone goes and makes a change to that report. It will reopen it and send it back to the process. Yes. Okay, so findings. We want to make it as it is like it is. Not they're not making it unedited. By everything will every means, if he do any kind of thing, so miss related to any change or update. So will show a purpose, right. Okay, so what it was. I wonder a little bit of a warning to users, right. You tell me you've been with this process a lot longer than I have, but I wonder about. If someone were to, let's say, try and edit a category or add a note after the records already been closed, is it worth doing to pop up a warning to the user, this will cause your report to be reopened. I don't know. Is that worth doing or not really. I think so. I mean, maybe required that's what you're talking about here because I think it's. I think it's important to note that that they're making a minor change. That's not really a big deal, but they say, oh, you know, I want to change the grammar on this. And so by doing that, maybe letting them know that you know the changes you made will reopen the the incident and send it back. You know, reopen it and back to the review process, they may reconsider and say. You know what, it's okay, I don't need to. I don't need to do that. And they can cancel it or agree to it, and if they agreed to attend it back through, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's that's what I was thinking to forewarn them before it goes back through. 

Per card case. Or does that propose any issues if we were to do something like that. I have a. 

Sorry. Raise us to do you see an issue. No, no, actually because of some background measures, I was on mute, and the. No means occupy. Let me ask some more questions. Okay, I think the ask there, and I heard a little background noise to the ask there is, and I think maybe you were already on the same page is before allowing you there to save a change to a close record. If we can pop up or effectively give them some kind of a warning on the u i, but this action that they're taking will cause the report to be reopened and require that it undergo the review process. If that's possible, and if if there's any issues of doing that, that was the asked. 

Yeah, and that maybe the buttons could be like accept changes or cancel, right, so except changes reopen and then cancel. Okay, so what actually two things means there are two safe that save button, which is showing on the y right, so. Doing that on the ui means what you are saying, you are showing that pop up and all this thing that would be fine because that is a big seat button there, but as we are seeing that hotel right to that person. As far as vehicle log notes and all the things, so they are just a whole lot of mess, that work kind of. The front and we are. yeah, I mean. If they are not the same, and if anybody is going to change anything in this, we have to put every for every editor means editable or modifying access that add more to slow delay or something, so we have to put that particular thing to age and everyone, so that would be quite. Getting because then it is not a little to just save button, and all those are very quite different. If you don't save the button, click on save button, it will foot a validation for that above pages. But if we click on that below buttons, but they just look for that material thing, so I have to look for all the hot dogs and all the available buttons and put that validation message for each and everyone, that's why I was like, do we need to really make the medical or not. yeah, I could see where that could become a really heavy lift. I wonder then, would it be a reasonable and alternative to make. Every field, unedited bowl after closure and just have a button to reopen if changes need to be made. Is that reasonable from a procedural standpoint. Does that become a conversion. Again, you just maybe just lead the status as an editable right, so the status was available in a closed incident would be reopen. Right? And if they reopen it, then it becomes editable and then any changes made at that point goes through. The re has to go through the review process again. Mhm. At the three open and there's no changes for whatever, why. If that were to happen, it would start to age, right. You would see that now you have a an open incident. But aging to the process and the team leader or manager or director or whoever should see that in the aging process and addressed. I think that seems reasonable then procedurally. Procrastination does that make it significantly easier to deal with? That sounds like it probably. to make everything unedited after closure and then just allow the user to reopen to make fields editable once again, if they need to add it. Yes, that's what we got. Basically, it's record. You know, ram thinking. 

Down and the way he is making notes on here, we have like the V I W, oh, you know, and that's that's logged in. You know what i'm thinking now, the drop down with the V I W note. Do we want to have him reopening everything to see? I notes are designing something specifically in there here, so here's a question for Taylor and for car, so if we have in the user setup. If we in the user options, if we can have a. Like an option for security services that they are a. We would call A W V P P coordinator right work work. They workplace violence prevention program coordinator is what W V P P stands for workplace violence. Program. Prevention program okay. So if we did it an option in there, wvp. Coordinator. Could we then based on. We could say if you so, my thought is that a sword, even after closure. Would still be editable by. Maybe a director, vp, and then this wvp coordinator. For everybody else. It becomes read only, but for those. Big quick three user types. After the incidence calls, it can be edited by those three users without. I don't know what I mean. It should work quite better. Yeah, I mean. For particular, so for particular roles, yeah, we can, yeah, that that can be good. So what are the editable fields you are asking for that particular any particular hot dog or particular fields or all the whole form. Mainly, I mean. What i'm mainly concerned about would be the overview and the narrative or the log notes would be the ones that i'm mainly concerned about or be. I think that they would be editing after closure. So if you have log log log notes and narrative, these two things, these two are. 

Still an incident overview of. Narrative, so those are for incident, right incident overview and the narrative on incident type. And then for logs, it would basically these people logged notes. that they would be editable for those user types. Probably super users or admins. Vps, directors and wvp P coordinators. Yeah, I mean. I think for particular things, we can visit adults, so. 

Yeah, that would be good right now. Yeah, I think I think we can do that. I will check more and let you know, but they are logged out. Ok. This gave me a moment. Let me write. Ok, you're good. Okay, so let me redistribute and repeat it. So after closure, log notes, narratives and incident overview, these three videos means narrative and log notes and incident overview will be editable for that director V P N. With that, P I V. 

That if you want to. Yeah W V P P coordinator, this is what we'll call. That would be a new role that we'll have to create. Yeah, okay, thanks, okay. Okay, so let's move on. 

So now let's suppose this are all the insurance created by guard, so what about if I am a team leader opening an incident, what will the whole flow. 

Goes over the. Yep, team leader would flow to the director of P. As their primary approvals. So manager that it would just blow up. I mean, so what do you think about all the private incidents like hello, hi. Hello, medium, hyper any kind of incident opening, it will go to the V P ah from us. Well, whoever their primary approval, we would we would define who their primary approval would be, so that would be in the structure in the user structure we would define. Right, if if they're a team leader. We would define who their manager or director isn't as their primary approval, or in that 1 2 3 4 approval that main level first level. And I think we said last time that if a that you can't user can't review their own record that they've opened, so if we've got a leader opening, let's say. Even a low priority incident, then that becomes. 

Their primary manager primary approving manager, it flows to them for approval. Or I suppose if we have an instance of multiple team leaders in a building. One of the other team leaders could approve right, does that sound right, weird? We just have to define who their approval would be, who their approval would be for that first level. So again, I think in the user. I think in the user profile, you still have to define who the approval reviewers are. And then along those lines to the directors and region, vps are, I think you have to set those up as checkboxes, right? So any director in D P, they're going to be an approval reviewer, right? So if there an approval reviewer, then they would be in the drop down list as selectable. Approvals for that first level. right. okay, so that's just in the user setup is something that we would just have to define once the fields are available in the user options. Okay, yeah, sounds good. Okay, so far. The same thing goes for manager and director opening an incident. That's correct. Okay, so we all. Yes, where we would define. So when the fields are ready in the user profile, that becomes our job drain and I job to work out who the primary approvals would be for a. all the users team leaders, directors, Dps wouldn't be opening incident report. Um. And if they did, they wouldn't be opening. If they did, we would have to assign a director of somebody as their primary approver. But that's something that we would just have to sort out in the user profile. Okay, so for that low and high. So for the low and medium priority, only one level approval is required for team made and manager, so if they will be opening. Will assign it to primary approval, so that will be good. So for a high level incident, it requires 2 level of rules, okay, so let me pull it from manager is opening a high level incident, so manager himself for so fast level will be that particular primary proven. But the whole approvement that director is a director is a proper primary approval, so hold the. So it would be so that's what's interesting, so we have this in investigations as well. So when you have a like a manager level opening a report and and it has to go to a director or D P to approve and at the top level. Somehow that's worked out in the code already that it knows that the even though it's still that primary review, it still knows that it's a high enough level that it can be closed, reviewed and closed by that first level review, so if a if a let's say a manager is opened up an incident. And at the high level, and it needs to go to the director for review and closure that can all be done in that first level review. Right, it can be reviewed by the immediate leader, but also reviewed and closed because it's a director level reviewing that case. Ok. Yeah, yeah. So another question. 

So we are discussing that we'll be adding those reviewers based on the building, right. So what there will create an incident I was looking like where there is an option of region location building. And after selecting a building, there is an option to select. So do we have anything to do with in the area because after the selection of building area appears. So that's why we are considering that area. No, the area shouldn't have any impact. On the relationship with the review process. Right, not at all, it's the building levels. What we're concerned about areas just at a location within the building, but the reviewer has no impact on the view process at all. Ok, sure, so we can exclude, okay. So now, as in this screen, only. While creating a record, there is no option of selecting a priority. All the flows. These are priority. I think it has already been calculated based on that category. So we are making it as we are not changing anything in that, just wanted to make sure. 

It will be working. as as it is right now, right. Yes, that's right. When a category and subcategory is selected. That's already set up to define the priority. So no changes there. okay, so one more thing that status after creating that, we will have that status, but don't like that. We can change our status button like open and closed, and all the things. So when we are just a. 

making this all this review process, so we'll be setting it from the back end itself that what is it is a Pending part of you and what, let's suppose i'm letting me have already approved the low level incident, so we'll be managing that close button. And just wanted to make sure that we do, we want to provide a change of that particular status to particular users who wanted to restrict that. Or how many status we can change from ui and all the things we have to define that. Like if you want to change, make it editable, then who can edit it, who cannot and what are the options available so that you can make it. And if you want to make it reopen, so where that reopen button will be so in that I think it makes me want to make um. Maybe after clothes. We can ensure that reopen buttons, all these things. I think that the reopen button probably makes more sense than allowing a drop down in there to be editable or to allow the status to be edible with a drop down spray, what do you think. 

Obviously, reopen button is more user friendly considering our user population here, but. I mean, it works in investigations just in the drop down, so I mean, I can go either way. That's what we're talking about. I don't have a preference, I mean. Whatever's easiest. I think we make it over showing on the button on the top, that would be a good make it showing you button that would be better, uh, that would be it will be visible. More so that i'm fine with that. And considering the user population for this module, it makes it easier, and it's it's clear what what it does, and it's visible. So let's do the button. Okay, so what about that editable thing for the status thing is status dot. If we having a button to reopen it, then whether you could just the status can then be unedited. For all the users, no matter what. Live inside the week and nobody won for all the users for all the users. If there's a reopen button, we just use that to reopen it to unlock it and send it back to the. Okay. So again, the only for directors manage it, right, our directors. Vps, admin, w vpp we've wanted to kill them those fields of those fields we identified. To be editable in a close status. For everybody else. They would have to click the reopen button to unlock the report. Sorry, sorry, I knew not. I didn't get to increase for the open minimum, waited for what the status that repeat, and that I did again, I wanted to make sure that we're not over. We're not we're not eliminating what we had said earlier about DP's directors workplace violence. Prevention program coordinator that WV pp coordinator and administrators, we want to make sure that they can edit member the overview. The narrative in the log notes, regardless of status. For everyone else that should be on in the. For a close report or close incident. Those four user types should be able to edit those sections. Yeah, those sections are okay. I'm not clear, that is fine. We just wanted for the particular status type only other than this one. Okay, I just wanted to make sure we weren't overwriting that right, so then the status can remain read only once it's closed. The whole report becomes read only unless you click. Real human body. Okay, so okay. So status will be done only for all, ok, so that's good. Hey, register, I wonder about instances where we've got a case in review Pending review. For some reason. It needs to be kicked back. Are we going to do for C S encountering issues where the case needs to be kicked back for additional. Research location anything. I can't remember what the focus group came up with for this. Are we going to need the opportunities back before closing. Yes, I mean. If it's still a Pending review, right. Then your status, I mean, everything should be editable. It's not in a close status, and so if it has to go back, for whatever reason. Then. The status the so independent review. Process or when the status is depending on you, you should have the option to reopen. And when you put it to reopen or open or whatever. I can't remember what we decided on. We could probably have to be reopened that sent it back down to the process. For changes to be made and that's all handled outside of sword, I mean, they can. Changed the status. So it's no longer paying a review to reopen, and then the team leader manager. Whoever that's one something change will then contact the appropriate guard or team leader, whoever to go back into that sort of make those changes. But the status can be it's still open. Basically, it's not closed, and so. The status should be in a Pending review state. The status availability should be reopened. Which sends it back, it makes sense. I think so. So if the case is Pending Pending review, the reviewer who's accepting this case should be seeing the option to either. Approve the review and closed the case or to send it back as they reopened. to change the status back to reopen from Pending review. that's right. So like sending back, we are discussing. So as I can remember from all of this discussion, like. We want to change anything for a particular existing thing to be discussed with. You will reach out to that particular person who open that incident and pull out all the things and move it forward instead of sending it back or something. That's what we are business. Are we sending it back or just. Keep things like that will reach it to the particular person who created incident, and they will upgrade the things in the particular globe and just move it forward instead of sending it. So our previous discussion maybe was if additional information is needed. We would just leave the case in that Pending review status and let that process happen, sure, that is for right. With that, I don't know that's fine, too. I mean, it's it's fine. Either way, it's fine, too. What I mean, it's closed yet, so they can still edit it, and it's still. You know, the the approving leader won't continue the process until it's updated accordingly. So a bit spending review, and we just leave it in that state until it's updated as they want it, then that's fine. Too. There's no need to. Reopen and do anything else. I mean, it still would be available in the user's queue as well. There's. 20, okay, so no need to have a reopen or an option to kick back. Then we're going to let them handle that process outside of sword, so if the case is Pending through the option, the reviewer should see is just a straight approved, enclosed or like approve and sentiment as well. Yeah. yeah. Okay, so that was the home. Where the straight does. So. Joining in the picture. Because of the. So I think the last thing remaining is a smart current review, butter. I think that mark has reviewed better than. On that particular. This little kids. I was trying to find black metal particular about it. Okay, security, it says review complete. It's not mark has reviewed it, so is review complete. If that's what you're looking for in the current system. But we're going to be updating that. Yeah, because I was just looking at the code, so there was a button where we just clicking on that like Marcus review when there's some multiple conditions, which it is working like, we're checking for a particular primary approval from primary agenda. Secondary approval and checking the sword status and all these things, but sometimes. Without review complete button, that's there today. 

Is it I think it's probably fair to say that, that thing can just go away. They have to change because it doesn't fit with our process. Right. Okay, so review complete button will not be there from. Okay, it would have to change for whatever vernacular we chose on the first line of review, right, whether that's released released to I don't remember what we called it right release for closure. I think it's what we said maybe would be the first button that they would see, and then that would change the status on the back end from. Whatever it is, t. You know, I can't remember what the status is, i'm sorry. So and then when that final status or final review or opens it, then they would see the button with a review and close. But no, we're overtime here is, do we want to, depending on everybody's time frames today, do we want to keep going for a few minutes, should I set up another half hour. 

The. I can go for. I mean, I can go for a little bit longer, but we'll leave it patient per car. What they're available. Means for now. My questions means have completed means i've resolved my all queries for right now. And I look for all. Based on the discussion, I think that. We'll see more and come up in our queries right now. I have to know how to solve the. Hey, if you have a lot of your friends, so you can. Click. We can discuss. After some some. Maybe some after some times, that would be good, actually. If we there is something important, we can discuss. Yeah, so we will try to set up one word call. Yeah, maybe Navin will uh will also can join that time. So it will also be gone. Okay, that sounds good. And do you want me to set that up sooner than later, or do you want me to give you some time to work through some of this. Another week, two weeks, what do you guys want. Yeah, maybe one week or two, but we got, so I will come up with. Right, we'll progress some more, and let's come up with for some queries. Hello. 1, 13. around 14th, 12th or and I think around 11 or maybe 14 or 15 maybe. The. Just about two weeks here, we can do that. Okay. And then in the meantime, procrastination, if you guys hit me snacks as you're. Through your notes or working through the stuff. I will, I don't think I have you on the sword channel yet. I can add you on there. We have a Ford channel for flag or on flag. Okay. Are you in there or you can just send me a note individually, whatever. yeah, yeah, the black channel idea, yeah. Okay, i'm gonna add you guys there. I think it's just navy, and I right now. Ok. 

sounds good. I will get something set up uh. but we can have from now, and we will reconvene that thanks you guys. Thank you. So the initiative and I also look at for the idea, bill, it's only to. Oh, yes, I haven't gotten in there yet. You just told me that last night, right, that it was that it was in there. Yeah, just asking me, so i've got it on my to deal with today. I'm going to check it out. No, no, thank you. Assuming that solid. Are we going to try to plan. Next week, next weekend for release. The release for. You were talking about. Sorry, maybe we're not talking about the same thing. We talking about the history line that you added for ideal. No, I already added that history line means that ideal is complete. 2. Along with the history lines, always I mean, I was a bit expensive uh last in the last online. And that we wanted to give you for the testing, so we will come up almost completed. We have completed the ideas we just wanted to give it to you so that you can have a look at that, so that's. Okay, that sounds good. I will check it out in E 2 today, and then I will come back and confirm with you, and we'll go from there. Yeah. Okay, great, thank you. Thank you. Thank you all. Alright, thank you, guys. Have a good night, dear. Have a good day. Okay, actually, yeah. Take care. Thank you, bright.